# SwaggerClient-php
## About localization/internationalization We currently support 6 languages: **Norwegian, English, Swedish, Danish, German, Russian**,  The fallback language is always **english**.  Translations are used for products and properties returned by the api, but the quality will depend on the hotel to have provided translations in the requested language.   Specify the language you want to use by using the [Accept-Language](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Accept-Language) header.  ## About reservations  Once you make a reservation, you take up capacity at the hotel. Reservations must be kept alive every 40 seconds, else they expire to free up the capacity. When doing checkout (i.e when the user is sent to the payment processor), the expiration of the reservation is extended by 20 minutes. This means you do not need to ping the api while the user is \"away\" doing payment.   There is a **hard limit of 30 minutes before reservations are expired** no questions asked.**   This is to avoid someone holding capacity indefinitely.  ## About authorization Before a guest is able to do payment/checkout, the guest must have a valid cookie. This is obtained by doing the login/validation flow. The `/login` request sends the user a one-time-passord on the selected medium (email, sms). This code must be returned to us via the `/validation` endpoint within reasonable time. `/validation` will return a httpOnly cookie, which must be present when doing `/checkout`. This cookie must also be present if you want to use endpoints that relate to customer data, like `/orders` and `/user`.   `/validation` also returns customer data, *if the customer exists*, which can be used to \"pre-fill\" customer data for checkout.  ## About checkout #### Amount The client is responsible for calculating an `amount`, which is the amount the guest should pay. This serves as a security mechanism, to see that the client and server *agrees* on the amount, to make sure there hasn't been any \"mismatch\" between client and server.  #### PaymentType The client should make a call to `/checkout/paymentTypes` to see which payment types are available.  #### Terms The client should make a call to `/setup/terms` to present the terms to the user. Checkout is only possible if `acceptedTerms` is `true`.  #### Error/Success Upon success, the user will be forwarded to `successUrl`, with `orderGroup` as a query parameter. Example: https://reservations.visbook.com/5252/order?orderGroupId=1111111   You can then use orderGroupId to call `/ordergroups/{id}` to present an online order confirmation. Sms/Email order confirmation is handled by the api automatically.  Upon error, the user will be forwarded to `errorUrl` with the query parameter `errorCode`. Example: https://reservations.visbook.com/1047/checkout?errorCode=1  Where errorCode conforms to the following table:  | ErrorCode | Description | | --------- | ----------- |  | 1 | Unable to reserve the amount on the card. Contact card issuer. | | 2 | Unable to capture the amount on the card. Contact card issuer. | | 3 | Unable to query the payment provider about the transaction. Contact the hotel. | | 4 | Unable to annul (refund) the transaction. Contact the hotel. | | 6 | Unable to set order to status paid. Contact the hotel. | | 7 | Unknown response from the payment processor. Contact the hotel. | | 8 | Unable to find the order. Contact the hotel. | | 9 | The order has been modified by someone else. Contact the hotel. | | 10 | Unable to save the order. Accounting error due to amount being lower than required fixed amount on this account. Contact the hotel. | | 11 | Unable to save the order, there's an error with the price. Contact the hotel. | | 12 | Unable to save the order, the invoice customer was not found. Contact the hotel. | | 13 | Some reservations have expired. Try again. | | 14 | Unable to process sale. Contact card issuer. |  ## General flow  1. Create product reservations via `/reservations` endpoint 2. Keep reservations alive every 30-40 seconds via `/reservations/ping` (If you don't your reservations will expire) 3. Authorize guest via /login and /validation to receive a cookie you can use to checkout 4. Complete the order via /checkout. The guest _must_ be authorized before this step is possible.

This PHP package is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 8.38.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.v3.generators.php.PhpClientCodegen

## Requirements

PHP 5.5 and later

## Installation & Usage
### Composer

To install the bindings via [Composer](http://getcomposer.org/), add the following to `composer.json`:

```
{
  "repositories": [
    {
      "type": "git",
      "url": "https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git"
    }
  ],
  "require": {
    "GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID": "*@dev"
  }
}
```

Then run `composer install`

### Manual Installation

Download the files and include `autoload.php`:

```php
    require_once('/path/to/SwaggerClient-php/vendor/autoload.php');
```

## Tests

To run the unit tests:

```
composer install
./vendor/bin/phpunit
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```php
<?php
require_once(__DIR__ . '/vendor/autoload.php');

$apiInstance = new Swagger\Client\Api\AvailabilityCalendarApi(
    // If you want use custom http client, pass your client which implements `GuzzleHttp\ClientInterface`.
    // This is optional, `GuzzleHttp\Client` will be used as default.
    new GuzzleHttp\Client()
);
$web_products_ids = array(56); // int[] | Web products ids array.
$month = new \DateTime("2013-10-20T19:20:30+01:00"); // \DateTime | Month. Format yyyy-MM.
$webentity = 56; // int | 

try {
    $result = $apiInstance->apiWebentityAvailabilityWebProductsIdsMonthGet($web_products_ids, $month, $webentity);
    print_r($result);
} catch (Exception $e) {
    echo 'Exception when calling AvailabilityCalendarApi->apiWebentityAvailabilityWebProductsIdsMonthGet: ', $e->getMessage(), PHP_EOL;
}
?>
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://ws.visbook.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AvailabilityCalendarApi* | [**apiWebentityAvailabilityWebProductsIdsMonthGet**](docs/Api/AvailabilityCalendarApi.md#apiwebentityavailabilitywebproductsidsmonthget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/availability/{webProductsIds}/{month} | Get calendar with available web products for each day in month.
*CheckoutApi* | [**apiWebentityCheckoutPaymenttypesGet**](docs/Api/CheckoutApi.md#apiwebentitycheckoutpaymenttypesget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/checkout/paymenttypes | Get payment types and their settings.
*CheckoutApi* | [**apiWebentityCheckoutPayorderPost**](docs/Api/CheckoutApi.md#apiwebentitycheckoutpayorderpost) | **POST** /api/{webentity}/checkout/payorder | Pay specific order.
*CheckoutApi* | [**apiWebentityCheckoutPost**](docs/Api/CheckoutApi.md#apiwebentitycheckoutpost) | **POST** /api/{webentity}/checkout | Post checkout  Create user if not exists, update if exists, register payment, extend reservation for X minutes.
*CheckoutApi* | [**apiWebentityCheckoutUserinfoPost**](docs/Api/CheckoutApi.md#apiwebentitycheckoutuserinfopost) | **POST** /api/{webentity}/checkout/userinfo | Get fields for guest.
*CompanyInformationApi* | [**apiWebentityCompanyinformationGet**](docs/Api/CompanyInformationApi.md#apiwebentitycompanyinformationget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/companyinformation | Return information about the current company.
*CompanyInformationApi* | [**apiWebentityCompanyinformationIdGet**](docs/Api/CompanyInformationApi.md#apiwebentitycompanyinformationidget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/companyinformation/{id} | Return company information by encrypted company Id.
*GdprApi* | [**apiWebentityGdprGet**](docs/Api/GdprApi.md#apiwebentitygdprget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/gdpr | Generate GDPR report. Create request to GDPR web service.
*GiftcardApi* | [**apiWebentityGiftcardBalanceIdGet**](docs/Api/GiftcardApi.md#apiwebentitygiftcardbalanceidget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/giftcard/balance/{id} | Get giftcard info by Id.
*LoginApi* | [**apiWebentityLoginRequestEmailPost**](docs/Api/LoginApi.md#apiwebentityloginrequestemailpost) | **POST** /api/{webentity}/login/request/email | Requests an email token.
*LoginApi* | [**apiWebentityLoginRequestSmsPost**](docs/Api/LoginApi.md#apiwebentityloginrequestsmspost) | **POST** /api/{webentity}/login/request/sms | Requests an sms token.
*LoginApi* | [**apiWebentityLogoutPost**](docs/Api/LoginApi.md#apiwebentitylogoutpost) | **POST** /api/{webentity}/logout | Logout customer.
*OrderGroupsApi* | [**apiWebentityOrdergroupsGet**](docs/Api/OrderGroupsApi.md#apiwebentityordergroupsget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/ordergroups | Gets all order groups belonging to the authorized customer.
*OrderGroupsApi* | [**apiWebentityOrdergroupsIdGet**](docs/Api/OrderGroupsApi.md#apiwebentityordergroupsidget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/ordergroups/{id} | Gets the specified order group by id.
*OrderGroupsApi* | [**apiWebentityOrdergroupsPut**](docs/Api/OrderGroupsApi.md#apiwebentityordergroupsput) | **PUT** /api/{webentity}/ordergroups | Refund specific order group by id.
*OrderGroupsApi* | [**apiWebentityOrdergroupsTokenOrderGroupIdOrderIdGet**](docs/Api/OrderGroupsApi.md#apiwebentityordergroupstokenordergroupidorderidget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/ordergroups/{token}/{orderGroupId}/{orderId} | Gets the specified order group by id and valid access token.
*OrdersApi* | [**apiWebentityOrdersGet**](docs/Api/OrdersApi.md#apiwebentityordersget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/orders | List the logged in guest&#x27;s orders for current company.
*OrdersApi* | [**apiWebentityOrdersIdGet**](docs/Api/OrdersApi.md#apiwebentityordersidget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/orders/{id} | Returns specific order data by identified id.              If encryptedCompanyId empty, current companyId will be used.
*PdfApi* | [**apiWebentityPdfEncryptedCompanyIdOrderIdGet**](docs/Api/PdfApi.md#apiwebentitypdfencryptedcompanyidorderidget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/pdf/{encryptedCompanyId}/{orderId} | Generate pdf file for encryptedCompanyId order.
*PdfApi* | [**apiWebentityPdfEncryptedCompanyIdOrderIdVisdocIdGet**](docs/Api/PdfApi.md#apiwebentitypdfencryptedcompanyidorderidvisdocidget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/pdf/{encryptedCompanyId}/{orderId}/{visdocId} | Stream pdf file.
*PricingCalendarApi* | [**apiWebentityPricingcalendarGet**](docs/Api/PricingCalendarApi.md#apiwebentitypricingcalendarget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/pricingcalendar | Get lowest price available for every day for an entire month.
*ReleaseChangeLogApi* | [**apiWebentityReleasechangelogGet**](docs/Api/ReleaseChangeLogApi.md#apiwebentityreleasechangelogget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/releasechangelog | Get information about changes for all api version.
*ReservationsApi* | [**apiWebentityReservationsDelete**](docs/Api/ReservationsApi.md#apiwebentityreservationsdelete) | **DELETE** /api/{webentity}/reservations | Cancel reservations.
*ReservationsApi* | [**apiWebentityReservationsEncryptedCompanyIdReservationIdPut**](docs/Api/ReservationsApi.md#apiwebentityreservationsencryptedcompanyidreservationidput) | **PUT** /api/{webentity}/reservations/{encryptedCompanyId}/{reservationId} | Update reservation.
*ReservationsApi* | [**apiWebentityReservationsPingPost**](docs/Api/ReservationsApi.md#apiwebentityreservationspingpost) | **POST** /api/{webentity}/reservations/ping | Ping reservations. Update life time.
*ReservationsApi* | [**apiWebentityReservationsPost**](docs/Api/ReservationsApi.md#apiwebentityreservationspost) | **POST** /api/{webentity}/reservations | Create new reservation.
*SetupApi* | [**apiWebentitySetupGet**](docs/Api/SetupApi.md#apiwebentitysetupget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/setup | Get Setup by web entity Id.
*SetupApi* | [**apiWebentitySetupTermsPost**](docs/Api/SetupApi.md#apiwebentitysetuptermspost) | **POST** /api/{webentity}/setup/terms | Returns terms for web entity.
*UserApi* | [**apiWebentityUserDelete**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#apiwebentityuserdelete) | **DELETE** /api/{webentity}/user | Anonymize user for current company and all related companies.
*UserApi* | [**apiWebentityUserGet**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#apiwebentityuserget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/user | Get user data with the most recent order.
*UserApi* | [**apiWebentityUserPut**](docs/Api/UserApi.md#apiwebentityuserput) | **PUT** /api/{webentity}/user | Update user data for current company and all related companies. Can be partially updated.
*ValidationApi* | [**apiWebentityValidationEmailTokenGet**](docs/Api/ValidationApi.md#apiwebentityvalidationemailtokenget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/validation/email/{token} | Validates the a previously created token and returns customer data if any.
*ValidationApi* | [**apiWebentityValidationMobileTokenGet**](docs/Api/ValidationApi.md#apiwebentityvalidationmobiletokenget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/validation/mobile/{token} | Validates the a previously created token and returns customer data if any.
*WebProductsApi* | [**apiWebentityWebproductsFromToGet**](docs/Api/WebProductsApi.md#apiwebentitywebproductsfromtoget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/webproducts/{from}/{to} | Get list of web products for the period for company and related companies.  Optional filter by product group(s) or/and property(ies).
*WebProductsApi* | [**apiWebentityWebproductsFromToWebProductIdGet**](docs/Api/WebProductsApi.md#apiwebentitywebproductsfromtowebproductidget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/webproducts/{from}/{to}/{webProductId} | Get web product by Id.
*WebProductsApi* | [**apiWebentityWebproductsGet**](docs/Api/WebProductsApi.md#apiwebentitywebproductsget) | **GET** /api/{webentity}/webproducts | Get all web products for company and related companies.  Optional filter by product group(s) or/and property(ies).

## Documentation For Models

 - [AcceptedResult](docs/Model/AcceptedResult.md)
 - [AdditionalProductCheckoutViewModel](docs/Model/AdditionalProductCheckoutViewModel.md)
 - [AnalyticViewModel](docs/Model/AnalyticViewModel.md)
 - [AnonymizationViewModel](docs/Model/AnonymizationViewModel.md)
 - [Assembly](docs/Model/Assembly.md)
 - [AvailabilityCalendarItemViewModel](docs/Model/AvailabilityCalendarItemViewModel.md)
 - [AvailabilityCalendarItemViewModelCalendarViewModel](docs/Model/AvailabilityCalendarItemViewModelCalendarViewModel.md)
 - [AvailableNumberOfPeople](docs/Model/AvailableNumberOfPeople.md)
 - [AvailableNumberOfPeopleViewModel](docs/Model/AvailableNumberOfPeopleViewModel.md)
 - [BadRequestObjectResult](docs/Model/BadRequestObjectResult.md)
 - [BaseReservationRequestModel](docs/Model/BaseReservationRequestModel.md)
 - [BaseServiceViewModel](docs/Model/BaseServiceViewModel.md)
 - [BaseUserInfoViewModel](docs/Model/BaseUserInfoViewModel.md)
 - [BlockationReasonViewModel](docs/Model/BlockationReasonViewModel.md)
 - [BookingId](docs/Model/BookingId.md)
 - [BookingStatusViewModel](docs/Model/BookingStatusViewModel.md)
 - [BookingTypePriceCalendarViewModel](docs/Model/BookingTypePriceCalendarViewModel.md)
 - [BookingTypeViewModel](docs/Model/BookingTypeViewModel.md)
 - [BookingViewModel](docs/Model/BookingViewModel.md)
 - [CalendarWebProductPriceViewModel](docs/Model/CalendarWebProductPriceViewModel.md)
 - [CallingConventions](docs/Model/CallingConventions.md)
 - [CancellationRulesViewModel](docs/Model/CancellationRulesViewModel.md)
 - [ChangeLog](docs/Model/ChangeLog.md)
 - [ChangeUserInfoViewModel](docs/Model/ChangeUserInfoViewModel.md)
 - [CheckoutModel](docs/Model/CheckoutModel.md)
 - [CheckoutResponse](docs/Model/CheckoutResponse.md)
 - [CheckoutStatus](docs/Model/CheckoutStatus.md)
 - [Choice](docs/Model/Choice.md)
 - [ColorViewModel](docs/Model/ColorViewModel.md)
 - [CompanyInformationViewModel](docs/Model/CompanyInformationViewModel.md)
 - [ConstructorInfo](docs/Model/ConstructorInfo.md)
 - [CurrencyViewModel](docs/Model/CurrencyViewModel.md)
 - [CustomAttributeData](docs/Model/CustomAttributeData.md)
 - [CustomAttributeNamedArgument](docs/Model/CustomAttributeNamedArgument.md)
 - [CustomAttributeTypedArgument](docs/Model/CustomAttributeTypedArgument.md)
 - [DescriptionViewModel](docs/Model/DescriptionViewModel.md)
 - [EnabledFeaturesViewModel](docs/Model/EnabledFeaturesViewModel.md)
 - [EnabledServicesViewModel](docs/Model/EnabledServicesViewModel.md)
 - [ErrorResponseViewModel](docs/Model/ErrorResponseViewModel.md)
 - [EventAttributes](docs/Model/EventAttributes.md)
 - [EventInfo](docs/Model/EventInfo.md)
 - [ExtendedPriceAgeGroupResult](docs/Model/ExtendedPriceAgeGroupResult.md)
 - [Field](docs/Model/Field.md)
 - [FieldAttributes](docs/Model/FieldAttributes.md)
 - [FieldInfo](docs/Model/FieldInfo.md)
 - [FieldType](docs/Model/FieldType.md)
 - [GenericParameterAttributes](docs/Model/GenericParameterAttributes.md)
 - [GiftcardViewModel](docs/Model/GiftcardViewModel.md)
 - [ICustomAttributeProvider](docs/Model/ICustomAttributeProvider.md)
 - [IOutputFormatter](docs/Model/IOutputFormatter.md)
 - [ImageTypeViewModel](docs/Model/ImageTypeViewModel.md)
 - [IntPtr](docs/Model/IntPtr.md)
 - [LayoutKind](docs/Model/LayoutKind.md)
 - [Limitation](docs/Model/Limitation.md)
 - [MemberInfo](docs/Model/MemberInfo.md)
 - [MemberTypes](docs/Model/MemberTypes.md)
 - [MerchandiseId](docs/Model/MerchandiseId.md)
 - [MerchandiseViewModel](docs/Model/MerchandiseViewModel.md)
 - [MethodAttributes](docs/Model/MethodAttributes.md)
 - [MethodBase](docs/Model/MethodBase.md)
 - [MethodImplAttributes](docs/Model/MethodImplAttributes.md)
 - [MethodInfo](docs/Model/MethodInfo.md)
 - [Module](docs/Model/Module.md)
 - [ModuleHandle](docs/Model/ModuleHandle.md)
 - [NoContentResult](docs/Model/NoContentResult.md)
 - [NotFoundResult](docs/Model/NotFoundResult.md)
 - [OkResult](docs/Model/OkResult.md)
 - [OrderExtendedForOrderGroupViewModel](docs/Model/OrderExtendedForOrderGroupViewModel.md)
 - [OrderExtendedViewModel](docs/Model/OrderExtendedViewModel.md)
 - [OrderGroupId](docs/Model/OrderGroupId.md)
 - [OrderGroupViewModel](docs/Model/OrderGroupViewModel.md)
 - [OrderGroupWithDueDateViewModel](docs/Model/OrderGroupWithDueDateViewModel.md)
 - [OrderId](docs/Model/OrderId.md)
 - [OrderPdfViewModel](docs/Model/OrderPdfViewModel.md)
 - [OrderStatusViewModel](docs/Model/OrderStatusViewModel.md)
 - [ParameterAttributes](docs/Model/ParameterAttributes.md)
 - [ParameterInfo](docs/Model/ParameterInfo.md)
 - [PaySpecificOrderModel](docs/Model/PaySpecificOrderModel.md)
 - [PaymentType](docs/Model/PaymentType.md)
 - [PaymentTypeSettingsViewModel](docs/Model/PaymentTypeSettingsViewModel.md)
 - [PaymentValueType](docs/Model/PaymentValueType.md)
 - [PdfViewModel](docs/Model/PdfViewModel.md)
 - [PensionTypeViewModel](docs/Model/PensionTypeViewModel.md)
 - [PersonViewModel](docs/Model/PersonViewModel.md)
 - [PriceAgeGroupResultViewModel](docs/Model/PriceAgeGroupResultViewModel.md)
 - [PriceCalendarItemViewModel](docs/Model/PriceCalendarItemViewModel.md)
 - [PriceCalendarItemViewModelCalendarViewModel](docs/Model/PriceCalendarItemViewModelCalendarViewModel.md)
 - [PriceTypeViewModel](docs/Model/PriceTypeViewModel.md)
 - [PriceViewModel](docs/Model/PriceViewModel.md)
 - [ProductGroupViewModel](docs/Model/ProductGroupViewModel.md)
 - [PropertyAttributes](docs/Model/PropertyAttributes.md)
 - [PropertyInfo](docs/Model/PropertyInfo.md)
 - [PublishedExceptionErrorCode](docs/Model/PublishedExceptionErrorCode.md)
 - [ReleaseChangeLogViewModel](docs/Model/ReleaseChangeLogViewModel.md)
 - [RequestEmailBody](docs/Model/RequestEmailBody.md)
 - [RequestSmsBody](docs/Model/RequestSmsBody.md)
 - [ReservationCompanyRelation](docs/Model/ReservationCompanyRelation.md)
 - [ReservationId](docs/Model/ReservationId.md)
 - [ReservationRequestModel](docs/Model/ReservationRequestModel.md)
 - [ReservationViewModel](docs/Model/ReservationViewModel.md)
 - [RulesViewModel](docs/Model/RulesViewModel.md)
 - [RuntimeFieldHandle](docs/Model/RuntimeFieldHandle.md)
 - [RuntimeMethodHandle](docs/Model/RuntimeMethodHandle.md)
 - [RuntimeTypeHandle](docs/Model/RuntimeTypeHandle.md)
 - [SecurityRuleSet](docs/Model/SecurityRuleSet.md)
 - [ServiceId](docs/Model/ServiceId.md)
 - [ServiceRelationTypeViewModel](docs/Model/ServiceRelationTypeViewModel.md)
 - [ServiceTypeViewModel](docs/Model/ServiceTypeViewModel.md)
 - [ServiceViewModel](docs/Model/ServiceViewModel.md)
 - [SettingTypeViewModel](docs/Model/SettingTypeViewModel.md)
 - [SetupViewModel](docs/Model/SetupViewModel.md)
 - [SourceNumberOfPersonsViewModel](docs/Model/SourceNumberOfPersonsViewModel.md)
 - [StandardId](docs/Model/StandardId.md)
 - [StatusCodeResult](docs/Model/StatusCodeResult.md)
 - [StepUnitsViewModel](docs/Model/StepUnitsViewModel.md)
 - [StepViewModel](docs/Model/StepViewModel.md)
 - [StructLayoutAttribute](docs/Model/StructLayoutAttribute.md)
 - [TermsViewModel](docs/Model/TermsViewModel.md)
 - [TimeSettingsViewModel](docs/Model/TimeSettingsViewModel.md)
 - [TimeUnitTypeViewModel](docs/Model/TimeUnitTypeViewModel.md)
 - [TimeZoneViewModel](docs/Model/TimeZoneViewModel.md)
 - [Type](docs/Model/Type.md)
 - [TypeAttributes](docs/Model/TypeAttributes.md)
 - [TypeInfo](docs/Model/TypeInfo.md)
 - [UnauthorizedResult](docs/Model/UnauthorizedResult.md)
 - [UserViewModel](docs/Model/UserViewModel.md)
 - [WebEntityImageViewModel](docs/Model/WebEntityImageViewModel.md)
 - [WebEntityPaymentSettingsViewModel](docs/Model/WebEntityPaymentSettingsViewModel.md)
 - [WebEntityPaymentTypeViewModel](docs/Model/WebEntityPaymentTypeViewModel.md)
 - [WebProductAvailabilityViewModel](docs/Model/WebProductAvailabilityViewModel.md)
 - [WebProductCalculatedPriceViewModel](docs/Model/WebProductCalculatedPriceViewModel.md)
 - [WebProductForCalendarViewModel](docs/Model/WebProductForCalendarViewModel.md)
 - [WebProductImageViewModel](docs/Model/WebProductImageViewModel.md)
 - [WebProductUnitViewModel](docs/Model/WebProductUnitViewModel.md)
 - [WebProductViewModel](docs/Model/WebProductViewModel.md)
 - [WebProductsResponseViewModel](docs/Model/WebProductsResponseViewModel.md)

## Documentation For Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author



